README.md, before:

# KH2-Lua-Library

A library of Lua code that can be imported by Kingdom Hearts 2 Lua scripts.

#### Library Philosophy

One of the most apparent benefits to using a Lua Library for KH2 is that Lua scripts correctly utilizing the library
shouldn't have to be individually updated after the game receives a patch.

For example, let's say we have memory addresses collected in the library for each game version that is managed and
updated by the community. After the game receives a patch, all the library needs to do is update its collection of
addresses and values. Once the library is updated, all a user needs to do is get the updated library files and all Lua
scripts should work again.

A well-organized/documented library also makes it easier for new developers to jump in and make their own mods, AND it
makes all those mods immediately compatible with every version of the game. You don't need to own every version of the
game if the address/value you're using is already in the library!

Including the library also won’t interfere with any mods that choose not to use it.

## Setup

The preferred method is to install this mod via OpenKH Mods Manager, which allows for easy updating of the mod in the
future. Enter `KH2FM-Mods-equations19/KH2-Lua-Library` into the text box for `Add a new mod from GitHub` and then click
`Install`.

If you do not use OpenKH Mods Manager, copy the entire `io_packages` folder into the folder that contains your other Lua
scripts.

## Developer Docs

See [Developer Docs](./DeveloperDocs.md).

## Contributing

Community participation is key to the success of a project such as this one. If you have found memory addresses for KH2,
please consider contributing them to the library.

## Acknowledgements

- TopazTK and Sirius902 for their work on LuaBackend (https://github.com/Sirius902/LuaBackend)
- Sonicshadowsilver2 and Num for addresses taken from the Garden of Assemblage mod
  (https://github.com/KH2FM-Mods-Num/GoA-ROM-Edition)
- Deathofall84, Denhonator, and contributors for addresses taken from various scripts at
  (https://github.com/Denhonator/KHPCSpeedrunTools)

Commit message:

docs: Move the last of the old DeveloperDocs file elsewhere
Update README to include new documentation folders

README.md, after:

# KH2-Lua-Library

A library of Lua code that can be imported by Kingdom Hearts 2 Lua scripts.

## Library philosophy

One of the most apparent benefits to using a Lua Library for KH2 is that Lua scripts correctly utilizing the library
shouldn't have to be individually updated after the game receives a patch.

For example, let's say we have memory addresses collected in the library for each game version that is managed and
updated by the community. After the game receives a patch, all the library needs to do is update its collection of
addresses and values. Once the library is updated, all a user needs to do is get the updated library files and all Lua
scripts should work again.

A well-organized/documented library also makes it easier for new developers to jump in and make their own mods, AND it
makes all those mods immediately compatible with every version of the game. You don't need to own every version of the
game if the address/value you're using is already in the library!

Including the library also won’t interfere with any mods that choose not to use it.

## Setup

The preferred method is to install this mod via OpenKH Mods Manager, which allows for easy updating of the mod in the
future. Enter `KH2FM-Mods-equations19/KH2-Lua-Library` into the text box for `Add a new mod from GitHub` and then click
`Install`.

If you do not use OpenKH Mods Manager, copy the entire `io_packages` folder into the folder that contains your other Lua
scripts.

## Developing mods with Lua Library

There are four different types of documentation in this project to help you develop your mods:

1. [Tutorials][tut-folder] provide in-depth guides on learning
how to develop mods using KH2 Lua Library.
2. [How-to guides][guide-folder] teach how to perform specific actions.
3. [Explanations][explain-folder] provide context to meta decisions about the project.
4. [Reference sheets][ref-folder] are technical descriptions of the classes,
tables, and modules in the project.

## Contributing

<!-- TODO: Add other ways to contribute, such as verification, documentation, etc. -->
Community participation is key to the success of a project such as this one. If you have found memory addresses for KH2,
please consider contributing them to the library.

## Acknowledgements

- TopazTK and Sirius902 for their work on LuaBackend (https://github.com/Sirius902/LuaBackend)
- Sonicshadowsilver2 and Num for addresses taken from the Garden of Assemblage mod
  (https://github.com/KH2FM-Mods-Num/GoA-ROM-Edition)
- Deathofall84, Denhonator, and contributors for addresses taken from various scripts at
  (https://github.com/Denhonator/KHPCSpeedrunTools)

<!-- Reference links -->
[tut-folder]: /docs/tutorials/
[guide-folder]: /docs/how_to_guides/
[explain-folder]: /docs/explanations/
[ref-folder]: /docs/reference/
